One day, just one day, maybe I'll meet somebody who gets the whole 'don't wander off' thing. Run. Do you wanna come with me? 'Cause if you do, then I should warn you — you're gonna see all sorts of things. Ghosts from the past. Aliens from the future. The day the Earth died in a ball of flame. It won't be quiet, it won't be safe, and it won't be calm. But I'll tell you what it will be: The trip of a lifetime! Fantastic! And I'm looking for a blonde in a Union Jack. A specific one, mind, I didn't just wake up this morning with a craving.

Ricky, if I was to tell you what I was doing to the controls of my frankly magnificent timeship, would you even begin to understand? We're fallin' through space, you and me, clinging to the skin of this tiny little world, and if we let go... t's called the TARDIS, this thing. T-A-R-D-I-S. That's Time And Relative Dimension In Space. That’s okay. Culture shock. Happens to the best of us. An old friend of mine. Well, enemy. The stuff of nightmares reduced to an exhibit. I'm getting old. Do you wanna come with me? 'Cause if you do, then I should warn you — you're gonna see all sorts of things. Ghosts from the past. Aliens from the future. The day the Earth died in a ball of flame. It won't be quiet, it won't be safe, and it won't be calm. But I'll tell you what it will be: The trip of a lifetime!

Rose... before I go, I just want to tell you: you were fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. And do you know what? So was I! Lots of planets have a North. t's called the TARDIS, this thing. T-A-R-D-I-S. That's Time And Relative Dimension In Space. That’s okay. Culture shock. Happens to the best of us. Ricky, if I was to tell you what I was doing to the controls of my frankly magnificent timeship, would you even begin to understand? An old friend of mine. Well, enemy. The stuff of nightmares reduced to an exhibit. I'm getting old.

t's called the TARDIS, this thing. T-A-R-D-I-S. That's Time And Relative Dimension In Space. That’s okay. Culture shock. Happens to the best of us. The thing is, Adam, time travel is like visiting Paris. You can't just read the guidebook, you've got to throw yourself in! Eat the food, use the wrong verbs, get charged double and end up kissing complete strangers! Or is that just me? An old friend of mine. Well, enemy. The stuff of nightmares reduced to an exhibit. I'm getting old. Rose... before I go, I just want to tell you: you were fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. And do you know what? So was I!

Run. Yeah, I came first in jiggery pokery, what about you? Lots of planets have a North. An old friend of mine. Well, enemy. The stuff of nightmares reduced to an exhibit. I'm getting old. We're fallin' through space, you and me, clinging to the skin of this tiny little world, and if we let go... Rose... before I go, I just want to tell you: you were fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. And do you know what? So was I! Ricky, if I was to tell you what I was doing to the controls of my frankly magnificent timeship, would you even begin to understand?

Nice to meet you, Rose. The past is another country. 1987's just the Isle of Wight. Run. One day, just one day, maybe I'll meet somebody who gets the whole 'don't wander off' thing. Do you wanna come with me? 'Cause if you do, then I should warn you — you're gonna see all sorts of things. Ghosts from the past. Aliens from the future. The day the Earth died in a ball of flame. It won't be quiet, it won't be safe, and it won't be calm. But I'll tell you what it will be: The trip of a lifetime! t's called the TARDIS, this thing. T-A-R-D-I-S. That's Time And Relative Dimension In Space. That’s okay. Culture shock. Happens to the best of us.

I think you need a doctor. Rose... before I go, I just want to tell you: you were fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. And do you know what? So was I! Nine hundred years of time and space, and I've never been slapped by someone's mother. Now, don't antagonize her. I love a happy medium! Run. You look beautiful! ...considering. That you're human. We're fallin' through space, you and me, clinging to the skin of this tiny little world, and if we let go... Yeah, I came first in jiggery pokery, what about you?

Run. I think you need a doctor. An old friend of mine. Well, enemy. The stuff of nightmares reduced to an exhibit. I'm getting old. Rose... before I go, I just want to tell you: you were fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. And do you know what? So was I! Nine hundred years of time and space, and I've never been slapped by someone's mother. You look beautiful! ...considering. That you're human. Ricky, if I was to tell you what I was doing to the controls of my frankly magnificent timeship, would you even begin to understand?

Your wish is my command. But be careful what you wish for. You look beautiful! ...considering. That you're human. Do you wanna come with me? 'Cause if you do, then I should warn you — you're gonna see all sorts of things. Ghosts from the past. Aliens from the future. The day the Earth died in a ball of flame. It won't be quiet, it won't be safe, and it won't be calm. But I'll tell you what it will be: The trip of a lifetime! And I'm looking for a blonde in a Union Jack. A specific one, mind, I didn't just wake up this morning with a craving.

An old friend of mine. Well, enemy. The stuff of nightmares reduced to an exhibit. I'm getting old. Do you wanna come with me? 'Cause if you do, then I should warn you — you're gonna see all sorts of things. Ghosts from the past. Aliens from the future. The day the Earth died in a ball of flame. It won't be quiet, it won't be safe, and it won't be calm. But I'll tell you what it will be: The trip of a lifetime! Nice to meet you, Rose. The thing is, Adam, time travel is like visiting Paris. You can't just read the guidebook, you've got to throw yourself in! Eat the food, use the wrong verbs, get charged double and end up kissing complete strangers! Or is that just me?
